SECURITY.md, before:

![CrowdStrike Falcon](/images/cs-logo.png?raw=true)

# Security Policy

This document outlines security policy and procedures for the CrowdStrike `foundry-sample-idp-notifications` project.

## Reporting a potential security vulnerability

We have multiple avenues to receive security-related vulnerability reports.
As mentioned in [SUPPORT](SUPPORT.md), this project is generally not a supported CrowdStrike project.

Please report suspected security vulnerabilities by:

+ Submitting
  a [bug](https://github.com/CrowdStrike/foundry-sample-idp-notifications/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug+%3Abug%3A&template=bug_report.md&title=%5B+BUG+%5D+...).
+ Submitting a [pull request](https://github.com/CrowdStrike/foundry-sample-idp-notifications/pulls) to potentially resolve the issue. (New
  contributors: please review the content
  located [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).)
+ Sending an email to __oss-security@crowdstrike.com__.

---

<p align="center"><img src="/images/cs-logo-footer.png"><br/><img width="300px" src="/images/adversary-goblin-panda.png"></p>
<h3><p align="center">WE STOP BREACHES</p></h3>

Commit message:

Update support clause in SECURITY.md (#5)

SECURITY.md, after:

![CrowdStrike Falcon](/images/cs-logo.png?raw=true)

# Security Policy

This document outlines security policy and procedures for the CrowdStrike `foundry-sample-idp-notifications` project.

## Reporting a potential security vulnerability

We have multiple avenues to receive security-related vulnerability reports.
As mentioned in [SUPPORT](SUPPORT.md), this project is an open source project, not a CrowdStrike product. As such, it carries no formal support, expressed or implied.

Please report suspected security vulnerabilities by:

+ Submitting
  a [bug](https://github.com/CrowdStrike/foundry-sample-idp-notifications/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug+%3Abug%3A&template=bug_report.md&title=%5B+BUG+%5D+...).
+ Submitting a [pull request](https://github.com/CrowdStrike/foundry-sample-idp-notifications/pulls) to potentially resolve the issue. (New
  contributors: please review the content
  located [here](CONTRIBUTING.md).)
+ Sending an email to __oss-security@crowdstrike.com__.

---

<p align="center"><img src="/images/cs-logo-footer.png"><br/><img width="300px" src="/images/adversary-goblin-panda.png"></p>
<h3><p align="center">WE STOP BREACHES</p></h3>
